Add meta descriptions to Lisk-SDK, closes #371 (#387)
LiskHQ/lisk-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/lisk-elements/packages.adoc

= Lisk Elements Packages
Mona Bärenfänger <mona@lightcurve.io>

> :description: The Lisk Elements packages page gives an overview about all available packages of Lisk Elements and direct links to their technical reference. It also comprises the basic usage of a Lisk Elements package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:description: The Lisk Elements packages page provides an overview regarding all available packages of Lisk Elements and direct links to their associated technical references. In addition, it also comprises of the basic usage of a Lisk Elements package.
```
